collectd doc (#299)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/addons/collectd.md

---
path: "/docs/add-ons/collectd"
date: "2020-11-02"

> linktitle: "Collectd addon Add-On"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linktitle: "Collectd Add-On"
```

weight: 31
title: "Collectd Add-On"
addOn: "collectd"
---

> [collectd](https://collectd.org/) is deployed on kurl host gathering system statistics to track system health and find performance bottlenecks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[collectd](https://collectd.org/) gathers system statistics on kURL hosts to track system health and find performance bottlenecks.
```

## Advanced Install Options

```yaml
spec:
  collectd:
    version: 0.0.1

> ```

Reviewer: flags-table
